= mongo_mapper_acts_as_list

This is a port of classic Rails' {acts_as_list}[http://github.com/rails/acts_as_list] to Mongo Mapper. This MongoMapper plugin provides the capabilities for sorting and reordering a number of objects in a list. If you do not specify custom position column in the options, a key named position will be added and used by default.

It has (almost) the same functionality and passes the original test-suite. Scope needs to be defined as symbol or array of symbols. It does not work for Embedded Documents.

== Installation

Add this to your Gemfile and run the +bundle+ command:

  gem 'mongo_mapper_acts_as_list'
  
== Example

  class TodoList
    include MongoMapper::Document
    
    many :todo_items, :order => "position"
  end

  class TodoItem
    include MongoMapper::Document
    include MongoMapper::Plugins::ActsAsList
    
    key :todo_list_id, ObjectId
    belongs_to :todo_list

    acts_as_list :scope => :todo_list_id
  end

  todo_list.first.move_to_bottom
  todo_list.last.move_higher

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Original Rails' acts_as_list Copyright (c) 2007 David Heinemeier Hansson, released under the MIT license
